# CS_Youth_Page
Campbell Street Youth Group Website
Hello! Thank you for taking the time to read this file and judge this project!
	The purpose of my website is simple: to provide information about Campbell Street Church of Christ’s youth group, and to encourage people to join. As such, I met with the leader of the youth group, Andy Frizzell, to discuss the layout of the website. While I personally favored a more visually extravagant design, he felt better to stick with a basic and simpler design. As the client’s desires are what ultimately matter, that is what we went with. I tried to The keep the design as minimalistic as possible while still keeping it visually appealing. The colors chosen for usage in the color scheme were picked because they complemented the colors in the group’s logo, and because they were calm and inviting. This was the idea with the whole website: to make it as calm and welcoming as possible in order to invite people to join. As for the font, I presented my client with a number of simplistic fonts (in keeping with the basic theme of the website), and he preferred the Times New Roman font the best, so that was what I used for the site. The main source of visual expression came in the form of different images used to convey the feeling of belonging to a group. In the code for the images, however, I had difficulty getting the “width: 100%” property to work in the CSS, so I had to resort to inline styling in the HTML. Other than this, I tried to use the most direct, most efficient code for the job. 
Thanks a bunch!
